docs/06_docker.md, before:

## Building, running, and pushing a Docker image

We will continue using 04_install project (exchange rates to CSV).
Instead of running the task on the host machine, let's run on Docker.



Let's build a Docker image.

Try running the following command. Enter y when prompted at the beginning.
The build may take 5~10 minutes.

```shell
> handoff container build -p 04_install
```
```shell

[2021-04-07 05:20:16,893] [    INFO] - Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials - (credentials.py:1223)
Build xxxxxxxxcsv:0.1 (y/N)? [2021-04-07 05:20:18,011] [    INFO] - Building xxxxxxxxcsv:0.1 - (impl.py:78)
[2021-04-07 05:20:18,012] [    INFO] - Current working directory: /home/ubuntu/project/handoff/handoff/services/container/docker - (impl.py:82)
[2021-04-07 05:20:18,012] [    INFO] - Looking for handoff source at /home/ubuntu/project/handoff/handoff/services/container/docker/../../../../ - (impl.py:84)
[2021-04-07 05:20:18,012] [    INFO] - Found handoff. Copying to the build directory - (impl.py:86)
Step 1/27 : FROM ubuntu:18.04 ---> 2ca708c1c9cc
Step 2/27 : MAINTAINER Daigo Tanaka <daigo.tanaka@gmail.com> ---> Using cache
 ---> 22aac56eb931
Step 3/27 : ENV DEBIAN_FRONTEND noninteractive ---> Using cache
 ---> 71aaeed475a5
.
.
.
Step 24/27 : RUN rm -fr workspace/artifacts ---> Running in 54e949c94413
 ---> d07e108da9a5
Step 25/27 : RUN chmod a+x /usr/local/bin/* ---> Running in 24c417f453f5
 ---> e12769b29295
Step 26/27 : ENTRYPOINT [ "/tini", "--" ] ---> Running in dc421a4f8bf0
 ---> 4e5339f471e2
Step 27/27 : CMD handoff ${COMMAND:-run} -w workspace -a -v $(eval echo ${__VARS:-"dummy=1"}) -s ${HO_STAGE:-"dev"} -a ---> Running in 26163c1538b3
 ---> 3773a14733dc
Successfully built 3773a14733dc
Successfully tagged xxxxxxxxcsv:0.1
```

Now let's run the code in the Docker container.

```shell
> handoff container run -p 04_install --envs __VARS='start_date=$(date -I -d "-7 day")'
```
```shell

[2021-04-07 05:21:19,620] [    INFO] - Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials - (credentials.py:1223)
[2021-04-07 05:21:20,241] [    INFO] - Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials - (credentials.py:1223)
Run xxxxxxxxcsv:0.1 (y/N)? [2021-04-07 05:21:21,994] [    INFO] - Found credentials in environment variables. - (credentials.py:1100)
[2021-04-07 05:21:22,381] [    INFO] - Found credentials in environment variables. - (credentials.py:1100)
[2021-04-07 05:21:22,838] [    INFO] - Found credentials in environment variables. - (credentials.py:1100)
[2021-04-07 05:21:23,340] [    INFO] - GET s3://xxxxxxxx/dev-exchange-rates-to-csv/files - (s3.py:66)
[2021-04-07 05:21:23,885] [    INFO] - GET s3://xxxxxxxx/dev-exchange-rates-to-csv/artifacts/last - (s3.py:66)
[2021-04-07 05:21:24,476] [    INFO] - Job started at 2021-04-07 05:21:24.476288 - (__init__.py:178)
[2021-04-07 05:21:24,476] [    INFO] - Running pipeline fetch_exchange_rates - (operators.py:194)
[2021-04-07 05:21:24,499] [    INFO] - Checking return code of pid 29 - (operators.py:263)
```

Confirm the run by checking the logs. Also check the artifacts on S3:
```shell


    xxxxxxxx/dev-exchange-rates-to-csv/artifacts/last


```

directory.



Now that we know the Docker container runs fine, let's push it to
AWS Elastic Container Registry. This may take a few minutes.

```shell
> handoff container push -p 04_install
```
```shell

[2021-04-07 05:21:30,325] [    INFO] - Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials - (credentials.py:1223)
[2021-04-07 05:21:30,881] [    INFO] - Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials - (credentials.py:1223)
Repository xxxxxxxxcsv does not exist. Create (y/N)?[2021-04-07 05:21:31,275] [    INFO] - Creating repository xxxxxxxxcsv - (__init__.py:94)
Push xxxxxxxxcsv:0.1 to xxxxxxxxxxxx.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com (y/N)? id: 28f470206a3c status: Preparing
id: 673e03fa99d2 status: Preparing
id: d3ca5be6fad9 status: Preparing
id: 2b6cda83ca7f status: Preparing
id: 1eee0a143c43 status: Preparing
id: cc51cd368615 status: Preparing
id: 19c09b0ffae8 status: Preparing
.
.
.
id: b61bcef8f912 [===========================>                       ]  265.6MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 [==============================>                    ]  293.4MB/480.2MB
id: a1aa3da2a80a status: Pushed
id: b61bcef8f912 [=================================>                 ]  323.1MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 [====================================>              ]  351.2MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 [=======================================>           ]  379.9MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 [==========================================>        ]  409.2MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 [=============================================>     ]  437.8MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 [================================================>  ]  466.9MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 status: Pushed
```

Confirm that the Docker image has been uploaded to:

https://console.aws.amazon.com/ecr/repositories?region=us-east-1



Now that the Docker image is prepared, we will finally deploy the task on
AWS Fargate in the next tutorial.

Commit message:

Fix docker run env var and update docker base image

docs/06_docker.md, after:

## Building, running, and pushing a Docker image

We will continue using 04_install project (exchange rates to CSV).
Instead of running the task on the host machine, let's run on Docker.



Let's build a Docker image.

Try running the following command. Enter y when prompted at the beginning.
The build may take 5~10 minutes.

```shell
> handoff container build -p 04_install
```
```shell

[2021-04-07 05:20:16,893] [    INFO] - Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials - (credentials.py:1223)
Build xxxxxxxxcsv:0.1 (y/N)? [2021-04-07 05:20:18,011] [    INFO] - Building xxxxxxxxcsv:0.1 - (impl.py:78)
[2021-04-07 05:20:18,012] [    INFO] - Current working directory: /home/ubuntu/project/handoff/handoff/services/container/docker - (impl.py:82)
[2021-04-07 05:20:18,012] [    INFO] - Looking for handoff source at /home/ubuntu/project/handoff/handoff/services/container/docker/../../../../ - (impl.py:84)
[2021-04-07 05:20:18,012] [    INFO] - Found handoff. Copying to the build directory - (impl.py:86)
Step 1/27 : FROM ubuntu:18.04 ---> 2ca708c1c9cc
Step 2/27 : MAINTAINER Daigo Tanaka <daigo.tanaka@gmail.com> ---> Using cache
 ---> 22aac56eb931
Step 3/27 : ENV DEBIAN_FRONTEND noninteractive ---> Using cache
 ---> 71aaeed475a5
.
.
.
Step 24/27 : RUN rm -fr workspace/artifacts ---> Running in 54e949c94413
 ---> d07e108da9a5
Step 25/27 : RUN chmod a+x /usr/local/bin/* ---> Running in 24c417f453f5
 ---> e12769b29295
Step 26/27 : ENTRYPOINT [ "/tini", "--" ] ---> Running in dc421a4f8bf0
 ---> 4e5339f471e2
Step 27/27 : CMD handoff ${COMMAND:-run} -w workspace -a -v $(eval echo ${__VARS:-"dummy=1"}) -s ${HO_STAGE:-"dev"} -a ---> Running in 26163c1538b3
 ---> 3773a14733dc
Successfully built 3773a14733dc
Successfully tagged xxxxxxxxcsv:0.1
```

Now let's run the code in the Docker container.

```shell
> handoff container run -p 04_install --envs __VARS='start_date=$(date -I -d "-7 day")'
```
```shell

[2021-04-07 05:21:19,620] [    INFO] - Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials - (credentials.py:1223)
[2021-04-07 05:21:20,241] [    INFO] - Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials - (credentials.py:1223)
Run xxxxxxxxcsv:0.1 (y/N)? [2021-04-07 05:21:21,994] [    INFO] - Found credentials in environment variables. - (credentials.py:1100)
[2021-04-07 05:21:22,381] [    INFO] - Found credentials in environment variables. - (credentials.py:1100)
[2021-04-07 05:21:22,838] [    INFO] - Found credentials in environment variables. - (credentials.py:1100)
[2021-04-07 05:21:23,340] [    INFO] - GET s3://xxxxxxxx/dev-exchange-rates-to-csv/files - (s3.py:66)
[2021-04-07 05:21:23,885] [    INFO] - GET s3://xxxxxxxx/dev-exchange-rates-to-csv/artifacts/last - (s3.py:66)
[2021-04-07 05:21:24,476] [    INFO] - Job started at 2021-04-07 05:21:24.476288 - (__init__.py:178)
[2021-04-07 05:21:24,476] [    INFO] - Running pipeline fetch_exchange_rates - (operators.py:194)
[2021-04-07 05:21:24,499] [    INFO] - Checking return code of pid 29 - (operators.py:263)
```

Confirm the run by checking the logs. Also check the artifacts on S3:
```shell


    xxxxxxxx/dev-exchange-rates-to-csv/artifacts/last


```

directory.



Note 1: If the container fails because of the cloud credentials, check if you
have defined environment variables locally. For AWS, AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID,
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY, and AWS_REGION must be defined.



Note 2: If you see this kind of message when you run build on MacOS,

```
handoff_version: 0.4.0
message: 'Error while fetching server API version: (''Connection aborted.'', FileNotFoundError(2,
  ''No such file or directory''))'
```

Open Docker desktop and look under advanced settings. Check the case "Allow the default Docker socket to be used (requires password)."



Now that we know the Docker container runs fine, let's push it to
AWS Elastic Container Registry. This may take a few minutes.

```shell
> handoff container push -p 04_install
```
```shell

[2021-04-07 05:21:30,325] [    INFO] - Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials - (credentials.py:1223)
[2021-04-07 05:21:30,881] [    INFO] - Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials - (credentials.py:1223)
Repository xxxxxxxxcsv does not exist. Create (y/N)?[2021-04-07 05:21:31,275] [    INFO] - Creating repository xxxxxxxxcsv - (__init__.py:94)
Push xxxxxxxxcsv:0.1 to xxxxxxxxxxxx.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com (y/N)? id: 28f470206a3c status: Preparing
id: 673e03fa99d2 status: Preparing
id: d3ca5be6fad9 status: Preparing
id: 2b6cda83ca7f status: Preparing
id: 1eee0a143c43 status: Preparing
id: cc51cd368615 status: Preparing
id: 19c09b0ffae8 status: Preparing
.
.
.
id: b61bcef8f912 [===========================>                       ]  265.6MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 [==============================>                    ]  293.4MB/480.2MB
id: a1aa3da2a80a status: Pushed
id: b61bcef8f912 [=================================>                 ]  323.1MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 [====================================>              ]  351.2MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 [=======================================>           ]  379.9MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 [==========================================>        ]  409.2MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 [=============================================>     ]  437.8MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 [================================================>  ]  466.9MB/480.2MB
id: b61bcef8f912 status: Pushed
```

Confirm that the Docker image has been uploaded to:

https://console.aws.amazon.com/ecr/repositories?region=us-east-1



Now that the Docker image is prepared, we will finally deploy the task on
AWS Fargate in the next tutorial.
