docs/faq.md, before:

# FAQs

## Q. How do I specify relative time in the command?

You can use [GNU date command](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/Examples-of-date.html).

Example:

```
commands:
  - command: echo
    args: "UTC tomorrow to seconds in ISO8086: $(date -Iseconds -u -d '1 day') "
```

Note that `handoff run local` may not be able to handle this correctly if
your local machine does not implement GNU date (e.g. OSX).
By default, `handoff container run` and `handoff cloud run` should be able
to handle correctly as the Docker image is based on Ubuntu.

You can also use variables:

```
commands:
  - command: echo
    args: "today/tomorrow: {today}/{tomorrow}"
```

Then, run handoff with date:

```
handoff run local -p project_dir -d today=$(date -I) tomorrow=$(date -I -d "1 day")
```

You can delay the evaluation of date command in container run and cloud run
commands by passing DATA environment variable via `-e` option:

```
handoff container run -p project_dir -e DATA='today=$(date -I) tomorrow=$(date -I -d "1 day")'
handoff cloud run -p project_dir -e DATA='today=$(date -I) tomorrow=$(date -I -d "1 day")'
```

Make sure to **use single quotes** when defining DATA variable so it won't be
evaluated when handoff command runs. You want the command string to be passed
'as is' and then evaluated when the container executes the handoff run command.

## Q. How do I configure project.yml so it installs a Python command from a Github repository?

You can put `https://github.com/<account>/<repository>/archive/<commit-hash>.tar.gz#egg=<command-name>`
format like this project of executing a pair of singer.io processes,
[tap-rest-api](https://github.com/anelendata/tap-rest-api) and
[target_gcs](https://github.com/anelendata/target_gcs):
```
commands:
  - command: tap-rest-api
    args: "file/rest_api_spec.json --config config/tap_config.json --schema_dir file/schema --catalog file/catalog/default.json --state artifacts/state --start_datetime '{start_at}' --end_datetime '{end_at}'"
    venv: proc_01
    installs:
      - "pip install tap-rest-api"
  - command: target_gcs
    args: "--config config/target_config.json"
    venv: proc_02
    installs:
      - "pip install install --no-cache-dir https://github.com/anelendata/target_gcs/archive/17e70bced723fe202425a61199e6e1180b6fada7.tar.gz#egg=target_gcs"
envs:
  - key: "GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS"
    value: "config/google_client_secret.json"
```

Commit message:

Template and secrets fix (#65)
* fix template behavior

* fix secrets

* update test

* fix params for announcements

docs/faq.md, after:

# FAQs

## Q. How do I specify relative time in the command?

You can use [GNU date command](https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/Examples-of-date.html).

Example:

```
commands:
  - command: echo
    args: "UTC tomorrow to seconds in ISO8086: $(date -Iseconds -u -d '1 day') "
```

Note that `handoff run local` may not be able to handle this correctly if
your local machine does not implement GNU date (e.g. OSX).
By default, `handoff container run` and `handoff cloud run` should be able
to handle correctly as the Docker image is based on Ubuntu.

You can also use Template variables:

```
commands:
  - command: echo
    args: "today / tomorrow: { today } / { tomorrow }"
```

Then, run handoff with date command passing via -d option:

```
handoff run local -p project_dir -d today=$(date -I) tomorrow=$(date -I -d "1 day")
```

You can delay the evaluation of date command in container run and cloud run
commands by passing DATA environment variable via `-e` option:

```
handoff container run -p project_dir -e DATA='today=$(date -I) tomorrow=$(date -I -d "1 day")'
handoff cloud run -p project_dir -e DATA='today=$(date -I) tomorrow=$(date -I -d "1 day")'
```

Make sure to **use single quotes** when defining DATA variable so it won't be
evaluated when container/cloud run command runs. You want the command string to be passed
'as is' and then evaluated when the **container** executes the `handoff run` command.

DATA is a sepecial environment variable inside the container as defined in
Dockerfile, the container evaluates DATA and pass to handoff via -d option:

```
handoff run -w workspace_dir -d $(eval echo $DATA)
```

In this way, the date command defined in DATA is finally evaluated inside
the container.

## Q. How do I configure project.yml so it installs a Python command from a Github repository?

You can put `https://github.com/<account>/<repository>/archive/<commit-hash>.tar.gz#egg=<command-name>`
format like this project of executing a pair of singer.io processes,
[tap-rest-api](https://github.com/anelendata/tap-rest-api) and
[target_gcs](https://github.com/anelendata/target_gcs):
```
commands:
  - command: tap-rest-api
    args: "file/rest_api_spec.json --config config/tap_config.json --schema_dir file/schema --catalog file/catalog/default.json --state artifacts/state --start_datetime '{start_at}' --end_datetime '{end_at}'"
    venv: proc_01
    installs:
      - "pip install tap-rest-api"
  - command: target_gcs
    args: "--config config/target_config.json"
    venv: proc_02
    installs:
      - "pip install install --no-cache-dir https://github.com/anelendata/target_gcs/archive/17e70bced723fe202425a61199e6e1180b6fada7.tar.gz#egg=target_gcs"
envs:
  - key: "GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS"
    value: "config/google_client_secret.json"
```
